{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Iosevka;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Iosevka;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1081\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\cf9\ul\ulc0\langfe255\lang255 Internet Link;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f4\fs28\lang1033 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Text Body;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb120\sa120\ltrpar\cf1\i\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Index;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1081\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Footer;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/5.3.1.2$Linux_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/30m0$Build-2}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2017\mo7\dy26\hr19\min18}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab720
\hyphauto0\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1999\footery1440{\footer\pard\plain \s21\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1081\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1081\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033

\par }\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1999\footery1440{\footer\pard\plain \s21\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1081\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1081\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033

\par }\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[5/7/17] So, I was sitting on the train, reading a <span t="pretty cool book (really cool indeed, it's called Touristic Guide to Mondavia, and the topic is this country called Mondavia, and it's awesome really)">pretty cool indeed comic book</span>, when another passenger sit near me. I can see her leaving her <span t="iPhone 6">iPhone</span> on the table. I keep reading the <span t="book, or at least I try">book</span>. She quickly take out from her bag a <span t='MacBook Air 13"'>MacBook</span>. I try to keep reading normally, but my mind is now <span t='"slighly"'>slighly</span> busy <span t="insulting Apple (I MEAN LOOK AT THE PRICES FOR GOD SAKE)">insulting Apple</span>. She keep going, taking a Magic Mouse. And while I'm realizing <span t="I won't be able to read any further (NOT KIDDING)">I won't be able to read any further</span>, she finally <span t="yeah">kills me</span>, taking out some <span t="not really AirPods but some Apple-ish thing">AirPods</span>. At this point <span t="my mind isn't working (I mean, less than the usual)">my mind isn't working proprely</span> anymore, I look around, and I see another Mac, <span t="just Macs and iPhones">just Macs</span>, and at this point a take out my <span t="Lenovo Yoga 510 i5-7200 RadeonGraphics 256gb ssd">Lenovo</span>, just to show the world there's something else, while trying as hard as I can to shut the fuck up and mind my business, because Apple is OK and it's OK for anyone to like it and <span t="I know so may amazing people with an Air. Yeah, about awesome, there's also this guy near me with a 'I'm not insane, my mother had me tested'-sheldon t-shirt + a Nexus 5X and a book of math shit who's really already one of my favourite people">I know so may amazing people with an Air.</span>}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line \line }{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[6/7/17] Today <span t="I was walking lost in rome">I was walking</span> when I saw <span t="this group of scouts, with heavy backpacks, and I was a scout too, and I had a heavy backpack too">this group of scouts</span> and I looked them for some sec, <span t="until">'till</span> I looked for a couple of secs to <span t="this random scout guy talking to a nice girl">this random scout guy</span> when this one <span t="blinks at me. Like, clearly blinks at me.">blinks at me.</span> And I was like WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU DO I EVEN KNOW YOU WHY THE FUCK DID YOU JUST but <span t="I kept walking like a pro">I kept walking</span>.<br>}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line }{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
I finally realized: how much of a <span t="good joke (whatever)">good joke</span> is it? You blink at someone and that's it, <span t="you got to mess with his life, even if for a couple of minutes">you got to mess with his life</span>.<br>}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line }{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
<span t="Look, I just want to sleep.">And it's really like life if you think about it. You need to prepare this joke, find someone who's watching you, it's not that easy. And then you do it. But you can't see the reaction. You don't see the mental mess you send this random guy to. </span>}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line \line }{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[7/7/17] <span t="Maybe on mornings I'm too much emotional (Look, I don't, at all. I'm actually happier on morning and a depressed dead body on midnight. I'm kinda okay because I can't really do anything wrong on midnigth)">Maybe on mornings I'm too much emotional</span> but I just saw a <span t="little girl (I love little kids! So cute)">little girl</span> desperately calling her <span t="little sister's name, weird name I don't remember">little sister's name</span>, <span t="internally screaming for attention (I was the only who heard her)">internally screaming for attention</span>, but without actually getting <span t="I mean her little sister's">her</span> eyes to look away from her <span t="P8 lite">phone</span>. <span t="I now think we failed as society. It's also about money.">I now think we failed as society.</span>}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line \line }{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[8/7/17] <span t="My 14yo me would hate my 16yo me (Wut m8 do you like HER? like have you lowered your standards that much or do you really like her)">My 14yo me would hate my 16yo me</span> and <span t="my 15yo would hate my 14yo me (What the fuck do you mean with 'i don't want to log-in to my google account and download apps'? Do you fucking realize how may possibilities are in the appstore? Log-in is like 2 clicks anyway)">my 15yo would hate my 14yo me</span> and <span t="my 16yo me would hate my 15yo me (Why the ACTUAL fuck are you FUCKING giving all of your FUCKING data to Google? Like, do you even realize how much-- look, whatever. )">my 16yo me would hate my 15yo me</span> and <span t="my 14yo me would also hate my 15yo me (Have you just interrupted listening to Bowie with that stupid 'hives' I mean, who the hell are even them, and why do you have so many different albums on your phone)">my 14yo me would also hate my 15yo me</span> and my <span t="15yo would hate my 16yo me (WHAT DOES IT MEAN YOU READ 3 OR 4 BOOK A YEAR? BOOKS ARE KNOWLEDGE! YOU CAN'T LET THAT STUPID PHONE TO STOP YOUR KNOWLEDGE COME ON)">15yo would hate my 16yo me</span> and <span t="my 16yo me would hate my 14yo me (You DO like music why do you keep avoiding it - it makes no sense)">my 16yo me would hate my 14yo me</span>.<br>}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line }{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
<span t="This is gonna get really fun next year. If I use my 14yo, 15yo and 16yo me-s to draw a parable of my trends and guess how my 17yo me is going to be - well apparently I'm gonna throw away literally any phone or pc I see, rape hundred of girls and change my favourite song every 4 seconds.">This is gonna get really fun next year.</span><br>}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line }{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
Overall, I think I'm getting better.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line \line }{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[9/7/17] I'm sorry for <span t="Cheena So Sound | David Bowie | Blackstar">Cheena So Sound</span> but <span t="my new favourite">my favourite</span> song is <span t="I Want More | The Hives | Lex Hives">I Want More</span> thanks both to lyrics and music. }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line \line }{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[10/7/17] Our brains <span t="whatever">work</span> thanks to concepts. We have <span t="something ] [like GOT or ByeByeBaby]">something</span>, without a real deep meaning, but for <span t="me">us</span>, it means a lot. Thanks to this we can learn and we are smart. Also thanks to this it's <span t="really really easy">really easy</span> to get sad for <span t="a reason we didn't even know abuot.">no actual reason</span>.<br>}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line }{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
I was happy. I saw a <span t="nerd t-shirt">t-shirt</span>. I saw <span t="a spot (yeah, GOT again)">a spot on TV</span>. I'm now sad. <span t="I'm also worried that makes being sad easier than being happy, but I'm not sure. ">It's that easy.</span>}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[11/7/17] Fun Fact: a <span t='Macbook 12" (as many other pcs, but ESPECIALLY a MB12")'>Macbook 12"</span> <span t="is faster on winters (because it's colder)">is faster on winters</span>.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line \line }{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[12/7/17] Today I was <span t="away from home AGAIN!">at a playground</span> and I saw a <span t="wall (more like a house)">wall</span> where every guy <span t="(mostly) ">and girl</span> wrote something - ranging from "Hannah is bith - <span t="call her 3332884113 (come on do it, that's the real number. Come on.)">call her 3332884113</span>" to "Marco <3 <span t="Laura (this name was circled)">Laura</span>". And then I saw this sencence: "W3C by Sara". I thought, is there seriously a girl called Sara who knows what the <span t="W3C">World Wide Web Consortium</span> is, and <span t="who loves it so much she wanted to write it at a playground?! (I mean, they accepted DRM!)">who loves it so much she wanted to write it at a playground?!</span><br>}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line }{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
Then I realized it was <span t='"W 3C^" (a classroom)'>"W 3C^"</span> and I noticed <span t="how nerdy I am (spoiler: a lot)">how nerdy I am</span>.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[13/7/17] So it's like -- <span t="let's say, HP">a big company</span> do <span t="let's say, they build computers designed to break after 2 years">a thing to sell more</span> and make more money --> we as consumers check <span t=" (a not-long-lasting pc is more expencive than a long-lasting pc) ">if it makes un spend more</span> or <span t="if it's ethical (no)">if it's ethical</span> <span t="and if so">--</span>> we <span t="we buy an easy-to-repair pc">don't buy that product</span> --> <span t="HP again">that big company</span> does not make money from <span t="their pcs">that thing</span> anymore?<br>}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line }{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
<span t="I mean I get your point but what about a platform where everyone can easily say what they think companies are doing and list the best products / more ethical to buy?">I mean I get your point but I don't think that's gonna  work 100%</span><br>}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line }{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
By the way when an app ask for my data I want add to the options "<span t="sell your soul">Give data</span>" and "<span t="you won't really press this - I mean how are you going to do it without Google">Block app</span>" the option "<span t="this app will keep working as nominal, acting maybe a little weird, but won't track you">Give false/random data</span>"}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[14/7/17] <span t="It took me 1 hour to realize I forgot a - in my code (Whatever. Really. Like, not big deal.)">It took me 1 hour to realize I forgot a - in my code</span>}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line \line \line }{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[15/7/17] <span t=\u8221\'94I\u8217\'92m overall ok with ubuntu GNOME. Well there are a couple of things I still need to fix, and I need a new background, but still. Yay.\u8221\'94></span>}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[21/7/17] I think my shower\u8217\'92s temperature is stuck between <span t=\u8221\'94naked khaleesi (1518 kelvin) (1088 kelvin (clothes burn temperature) + 430 kelvin (naked khaleesi itself))\u8221\'94>naked khaleesi (1518 kelvin)</span> and <span t=\u8221\'94minus one kelvin (4294967295 kelvin) (we all know kelvin are unsigned larges)\u8221\'94>minus one kelvin }{{\*\bkmkstart __DdeLink__53_3537798008}\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
(4294967295 kelvin)}{{\*\bkmkend __DdeLink__53_3537798008}\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
</span>}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[22/7/17] <span t=\u8221\'94(Got it? No? Yara & Nino)\u8221\'94>Le Petite Chocolatier: premium swiss quality.</span>}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[23/7/17] }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://soundcloud.com/littletuber-games/epic-rap-battles-of-history" }{\fldrslt {\cf9\ul\ulc0\langfe255\lang255\cf9\ul\ulc0\dbch\af6\langfe255\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\lang255\loch\f5\hich\af5
https://soundcloud.com/littletuber-games/epic-rap-battles-of-history}{}}}\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
  I mean. Someone here is great. My new favourite litte kid.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[24/7/17] Good days of your life are only good after you lived them. <span t="you have to forget bad moments">Does that make sense}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[25/7/17]- Ah, I also need that thing for lips<br>}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line }{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
- a girl?<br>}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line }{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
- good one}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[28/7/17] I\u8217\'92m using my website to organize myself and <span t=\u8221\'94altervista is getting me crazy\u8221\'94>that is BAD</span>}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[27/7/17] What if the terminal gave you <span t=\u8221\'94sudo commands\u8221\'94>commands</span>}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5\hich\af5
[29/7/17] You can either dream who you\u8217\'92d like to be, be who you\u8217\'92d like to be or make other believe you\u8217\'92re who you\u8217\'92d like to be. Choose carefully.}
\par }